What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
My friend said they were cold, so I told them to sit in a corner. It was 90 degrees.
Last night I dreamt I was a muffler. I woke up exausted.
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
I hate jokes about german sausages, They're the wurst.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
"Dad, I'm hungry." Hi Hungry, I'm Dad!
Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What do you call somebody with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" I didn't know it was on fire!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.
Why do bees hum? Because they don't know the words.
Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
"Hey I'll call you later." Don't call me later, call me Dad.
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock knock joke? He won the 'no-bell' prize
I am terrified of elevators, I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them.
This graveyard looks overcrowded, people must be dying to get in there.
Don't trust atoms, They make up everything.
What do you call a sketchy Italian neighborhood? The Spaghetto.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Did you hear about the factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
I knew I shouldn't have had the seafood, I'm feeling a little eel.
I bought shoes from a drug dealer once, I don't know what he laced them with, but I was tripping all day.
My wife is on a tropical food diet, the house is full of stuff, It's enough to make a mango crazy.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little horse.
I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.
Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.
What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"
5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.
The rotation of earth really makes my day.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.
A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.
I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
What type of shoes do robbers wear? Sneakers.
Everything is made in China. Except for babies. They're made in VaChina.
Scientists found a new way to warm up in the winter: go to the corner of a room, it is always 90 degrees.
At work we have a printer we nicknamed bob marley. It's always jammin'
A guy walks into a bar, and he says: "ouch"
What do you call a deer with no legs? a No-Eyed Deer.
What do you call another deer with no legs? Still No-eyed deer.
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
What is the best thing to take into the desert? A thirst-aid kit!
Where do hampsters come from? Hampsterdam!
What did the mayonnaise say to the dresser? Close the door I'm dressing.
What did the judge say when Bill but the cheese? Odor in the court!
What do sweet potatoes wear to bed? Their yammies!
What do you get when you cross an alien with a crybaby? An unidentified crying object!
What did the hopeless romantic say to the photographer? "Some day, my prints will come."
what do you do with a guy like Fred who thinks hes a gift to women? You exchange him.
What happens when you sing country music backwards? You get your job and your wife back.
Why did the bone doctor take a vacation? He needed a break.
What kind of camp do janitors go to? Sweep-away camp.
What lies at the bottom of the sea and shivers? A nervous wreck!
What do you call a monster that flies a kite in the middle of a lightning storm? Benjamin Franklinstein!
Where do football directors go when they are fed up? The bored room!
Why didn't the dog want to play football? He was a boxer.
How do guys like shaggy sort their laundry? "Dirty", and "Dirty but wearable"
Why did the traveler bring a hammer on vacation? He wanted to hit the road!
Did you hear about the private beach? It's so exclusive, even the tide can't get in!
What makes the Leaning Tower Of Pisa lean? It doesn't eat much.
What is the most slippery country in the world? Greece!
What is the worst thing you're likely to find in a school cafeteria? The food!
Whats the difference between a teacher and a train? The teacher says "Get that gum out of your mouth!", the train says "Chew Chew"
What's a forum? Two-um plus two-um!
Why did the bald man put a rabbit on his head? He needed the hare!
What did the apple say to the worm? You're boring me.
What do you get when you drop a red hat into the red sea? A wet hat!
What goes farther the slower it goes? Money.
How can you make a slow horse fast? Don't give it anything to eat!
How many lions can you put into an empty cage? One, after that it isn't empty anymore.
How do you get an alien to sleep? You rocket.
What do eye doctors check for? DaVision.